`azurerm_windows_virtual_machine_scale_set` /`azurerm_linux_virtual_machine_scale_set` /`azurerm_orchestrated_virtual_machine_scale_set`/`azurerm_linux_virtual_machine`/`azurerm_windows_virtual_machine` -  Add support for missing fields (#17571)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/linux_virtual_machine.html.markdown

* `secure_boot_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether secure boot should be enabled on the virtual machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `source_image_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Image which this Virtual Machine should be created from. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Possible values include `Image ID`s, `Shared Image ID`s, `Shared Image Version ID`s, `Community Gallery Image ID`s, `Community Gallery Image Version ID`s, `Shared Gallery Image ID`s and `Shared Gallery Image Version ID`s.

Reviewer: Should this be
```suggestion
* `source_image_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Image which this Virtual Machine should be created from. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Possible type of IDsa include Image ID`s, Shared Image IDs, `Shared Image Version ID`s, `Community Gallery Image ID`s, `Community Gallery Image Version ID`s, `Shared Gallery Image ID`s and `Shared Gallery Image Version ID`s.
```

etc as they are not literals but types of vbalues?

Author: Fixed
